Updatecli manifests and github workflow (#496)
rancher/rancher-turtles-e2e: .github/updatecli/README.md

```text
.github/updatecli/
```

Github Actions workflows that run Updatecli are defined in:

```text
.github/workflows/updatecli.yaml
```

## How it works

At a high level, the workflow follows this process:

1. Read one or more Updatecli manifest files from this directory.
2. Query defined sources for the latest available versions.
3. Compare them with the versions currently referenced in the repository.
4. Apply updates to the target files when changes are needed.
5. Create or refresh a pull request containing the generated updates.

Each manifest/pipeline will create a separate pull request if updates are detected. The PRs will be labeled and targeted to the branch defined in `values.yaml`.

## Typical manifest structure

An Updatecli manifest usually defines:

- **sources**: where a version or value is discovered
- **targets**: the files or values to update in this repository
- **actions**: follow-up operations such as creating a pull request.

The actions part is done by `_scm.github.yaml` template which is loaded automatically for all manifest. The template uses values from `values.yaml` for PR labels and destination branch name.

> The `values.yaml` file is used to override default values in the manifest, such as labels for PRs or destination branch name.

Author: ```suggestion
The actions part is done by `_scm.github.yaml` template which is loaded automatically for all manifest. The template uses values from `values.yaml` file for PR labels and destination branch name.

In general the `values.yaml` is used to inject values used by manifests.
```
